README.md, before:


***

# Politics repo

![{Project icon} This image failed to load. It may be due to the file not being reached, or a general error. Reload the page to fix a possible general error.](/PirateParty/Images/PPI_signet.svg)

# By:

## [Seanpm2001](https://github.com/seanpm2001)

### Top

# `README.md`

***

## Read this article in a different language

[ar عربى](/.github/README_AR.md) [zh-t 中國傳統的）](/.github/README_ZH-T.md)[**en-us**](README.md) [fr français](/.github/README_FR.md) [de Deutsch](/.github/README_DE.md) [EO Esperanto](/.github/README_EO.md)  [ja 日本語](/.github/README_JA.md) [ko-south 韓國語](/.github/README_KO_SOUTH.md) [pl polski](/.github/README_PL.md) [ru русский](/.github/README_RU.md) [es en español](/.github/README_ES.md)

Translations in languages other than English are machine translated and are not yet accurate. No errors have been fixed yet as of March 21st 2021. Please report translation errors [here](https://github.com/seanpm2001/Politics/issues/). Make sure to backup your correction with sources and guide me, as I don't know languages other than English well (I plan on getting a translator eventually) please cite [wiktionary](https://en.wiktionary.org) and other sources in your report. Failing to do so will result in a rejection of the correction being published.

***

# Index

[00.0 - Top](#Top)

> [00.1 - Title](#Politics-repo)

> [00.2 - Read this article in a different language](#Read-this-article-in-a-different-language)

> [00.3 - Index](#Index)

[01.0 - Description](#Politics)

[02.0 - About](#About)

[03.0 - Wiki](#Wiki)

[04.0 - Version history](#Version-history)

[05.0 - Software status](#Software-status)

[06.0 - Sponsor info](#Sponsor-info)

[07.0 - Contributers](#Contributers)

[08.0 - Issues](#Issues)

> [08.1 - Current issues](#Current-issues)

> [08.2 - Past issues](#Past-issues)

> [08.3 - Past pull requests](#Past-pull-requests)

> [08.4 - Active pull requests](#Active-pull-requests)

[09.0 - Resources](#Resources)

[10.0 - Contributing](#Contributing)

[11.0 - About README](#About-README)

[12.0 - README Version history](#README-version-history)

[13.0 - Footer](#You-have-reached-the-end-of-the-README-file)

> [13.1 - End of file](#EOF)

***

# Politics
My political information center. My political beliefs should NOT spill out of this repository unless absolutely necessary. If you notice a bad balance of partisan politics on another one of my projects, please report it to me.

***

## About

See above. I have been hiding my politics for a while. Seeing how many of the beliefs I have have been already made public, I have decided to come out further, as I don't want to be labeled incorrectly. If you don't stand for something, you don't stand for anything.

I am an independant that leans towards democratic socialism. I in no way lean conservative or to the Republican party. I have no plans in becoming a politician in office I support socialism, but live in late-stage capitalism, and I hate many aspects of it.

I will keep my political beliefs inside of this repository and not let it spill out, unless absolutely necessary. If you see political bias in another one of my projects, please report it.

***

## Wiki

[Click/tap here to view this projects Wiki](https://github.com/seanpm2001/Sanpm2001/wiki)

If the project has been forked, the Wiki was likely removed. Luckily, I include an embedded version. You can view it [here](/External/ProjectWiki/).

***

## Sponsor info

![SponsorButton.png](SponsorButton.png)

You can sponsor this project if you like, but please specify what you want to donate to. [See the funds you can donate to here](https://github.com/seanpm2001/Sponsor-info/tree/main/For-sponsors)

You can view other sponsor info [here](https://github.com/seanpm2001/Sponsor-info/)

Try it out! The sponsor button is right up next to the watch/unwatch button.

***

## Version history

**Version history currently unavailable**

**No other versions listed**

***

## Software status

All of my works are free some restrictions. DRM (**D**igital **R**estrictions **M**anagement) is not present in any of my works.

![DRM-free_label.en.svg](DRM-free_label.en.svg)

This sticker is supported by the Free Software Foundation. I never intend to include DRM in my works.

I am using the abbreviation "Digital Restrictions Management" instead of the more known "Digital Rights Management" as the common way of addressing it is false, there are no rights with DRM. The spelling "Digital Restrictions Management" is more accurate, and is supported by [Richard M. Stallman (RMS)](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Richard_Stallman) and the [Free Software Foundation (FSF)](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Free_Software_Foundation)

This section is used to raise awareness for the problems with DRM, and also to protest it. DRM is defective by design and is a major threat to all computer users and software freedom.

Image credit: [defectivebydesign.org/drm-free/...](https://www.defectivebydesign.org/drm-free/how-to-use-label)

***

## Contributers

Currently, I am the only contributer. Contributing is not allowed for others, as this is a personal project.

> * 1. [seanpm2001](https://github.com/seanpm2001/) - 22 commits (As of Sunday, April 11th 2021 at 5:32 pm)

> * 2. No other contributers.

***

## Issues

### Current issues

* None at the moment

* No other current issues

If the repository has been forked, issues likely have been removed. Luckily I keep an archive of certain images [here](/.github/Issues/)

[Read the privacy policy on issue archival here](/.github/Issues/README.md)

**TL;DR**

I archive my own issues. Your issue won't be archived unless you request it to be archived.

### Past issues

* None at the moment

* No other past issues

If the repository has been forked, issues likely have been removed. Luckily I keep an archive of certain images [here](/.github/Issues/)

[Read the privacy policy on issue archival here](/.github/Issues/README.md)

**TL;DR**

I archive my own issues. Your issue won't be archived unless you request it to be archived.

### Past pull requests

* None at the moment

* No other past pull requests

If the repository has been forked, issues likely have been removed. Luckily I keep an archive of certain images [here](/.github/Issues/)

[Read the privacy policy on issue archival here](/.github/Issues/README.md)

**TL;DR**

I archive my own issues. Your issue won't be archived unless you request it to be archived.

### Active pull requests

* None at the moment

* No other active pull requests

If the repository has been forked, issues likely have been removed. Luckily I keep an archive of certain images [here](/.github/Issues/)

[Read the privacy policy on issue archival here](/.github/Issues/README.md)

**TL;DR**

I archive my own issues. Your issue won't be archived unless you request it to be archived.

***

## Resources

Here are some other resources for this project:

[Project language file](PROJECT_LANG.py)

[Join the discussion on GitHub](https://github.com/seanpm2001/Politics/discussions)

No other resources at the moment.

***

## Contributing

Contributing is not allowed for this project, as this is a personal project.

[Click/tap here to view the contributing rules for this project](CONTRIBUTING.md)

***

## About README

File type: `Markdown (*.md)`

File version: `1 (Sunday, April 11th 2021 at 5:32 pm)`

Line count: `0,292`

***

## README version history

Version 1 (Sunday, April 11th 2021 at 5:32 pm)

> Changes:

> * Started the file

> * Added the title section

> * Added the index

> * Added the about section

> * Added the Wiki section

> * Added the version history section

> * Added the issues section.

> * Added the past issues section

> * Added the past pull requests section

> * Added the active pull requests section

> * Added the contributors section

> * Added the contributing section

> * Added the about README section

> * Added the README version history section

> * Added the resources section

> * Added a software status section, with a DRM free sticker and message

> * Added the sponsor info section

> * No other changes in version 0.1

Version 2 (Coming soon)

> Changes:

> * Coming soon

> * No other changes in version 2

***

### You have reached the end of the README file

[Back to top](#Top) [Exit](https://github.com)

### EOF

***

Commit message:

README.md update
Updated the README.md file for this project.

README.md, after:


***

# Politics repo

![{Project icon} This image failed to load. It may be due to the file not being reached, or a general error. Reload the page to fix a possible general error.](/Green_flag_waving.svg)

# By:

## [Seanpm2001](https://github.com/seanpm2001)

### Top

# `README.md`

***

## Read this article in a different language

[ar عربى](/.github/README_AR.md) [zh-t 中國傳統的）](/.github/README_ZH-T.md)[**en-us**](README.md) [fr français](/.github/README_FR.md) [de Deutsch](/.github/README_DE.md) [EO Esperanto](/.github/README_EO.md)  [ja 日本語](/.github/README_JA.md) [ko-south 韓國語](/.github/README_KO_SOUTH.md) [pl polski](/.github/README_PL.md) [ru русский](/.github/README_RU.md) [es en español](/.github/README_ES.md)

Translations in languages other than English are machine translated and are not yet accurate. No errors have been fixed yet as of March 21st 2021. Please report translation errors [here](https://github.com/seanpm2001/Politics/issues/). Make sure to backup your correction with sources and guide me, as I don't know languages other than English well (I plan on getting a translator eventually) please cite [wiktionary](https://en.wiktionary.org) and other sources in your report. Failing to do so will result in a rejection of the correction being published.

***

# Index

[00.0 - Top](#Top)

> [00.1 - Title](#Politics-repo)

> [00.2 - Read this article in a different language](#Read-this-article-in-a-different-language)

> [00.3 - Index](#Index)

[01.0 - Description](#Politics)

[02.0 - About](#About)

[03.0 - Wiki](#Wiki)

[04.0 - Version history](#Version-history)

[05.0 - Software status](#Software-status)

[06.0 - Sponsor info](#Sponsor-info)

[07.0 - Contributers](#Contributers)

[08.0 - Issues](#Issues)

> [08.1 - Current issues](#Current-issues)

> [08.2 - Past issues](#Past-issues)

> [08.3 - Past pull requests](#Past-pull-requests)

> [08.4 - Active pull requests](#Active-pull-requests)

[09.0 - Resources](#Resources)

[10.0 - Contributing](#Contributing)

[11.0 - About README](#About-README)

[12.0 - README Version history](#README-version-history)

[13.0 - Footer](#You-have-reached-the-end-of-the-README-file)

> [13.1 - End of file](#EOF)

***

# Politics
My political information center. My political beliefs should NOT spill out of this repository unless absolutely necessary. If you notice a bad balance of partisan politics on another one of my projects, please report it to me.

***

## About

See above. I have been hiding my politics for a while. Seeing how many of the beliefs I have have been already made public, I have decided to come out further, as I don't want to be labeled incorrectly. If you don't stand for something, you don't stand for anything.

I am an independant that leans towards democratic socialism. I in no way lean conservative or to the Republican party. I have no plans in becoming a politician in office I support socialism, but live in late-stage capitalism, and I hate many aspects of it.

I will keep my political beliefs inside of this repository and not let it spill out, unless absolutely necessary. If you see political bias in another one of my projects, please report it.

***

## Wiki

[Click/tap here to view this projects Wiki](https://github.com/seanpm2001/Sanpm2001/wiki)

If the project has been forked, the Wiki was likely removed. Luckily, I include an embedded version. You can view it [here](/External/ProjectWiki/).

***

## Sponsor info

![SponsorButton.png](SponsorButton.png)

You can sponsor this project if you like, but please specify what you want to donate to. [See the funds you can donate to here](https://github.com/seanpm2001/Sponsor-info/tree/main/For-sponsors)

You can view other sponsor info [here](https://github.com/seanpm2001/Sponsor-info/)

Try it out! The sponsor button is right up next to the watch/unwatch button.

***

## Version history

**Version history currently unavailable**

**No other versions listed**

***

## Software status

All of my works are free some restrictions. DRM (**D**igital **R**estrictions **M**anagement) is not present in any of my works.

![DRM-free_label.en.svg](DRM-free_label.en.svg)

This sticker is supported by the Free Software Foundation. I never intend to include DRM in my works.

I am using the abbreviation "Digital Restrictions Management" instead of the more known "Digital Rights Management" as the common way of addressing it is false, there are no rights with DRM. The spelling "Digital Restrictions Management" is more accurate, and is supported by [Richard M. Stallman (RMS)](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Richard_Stallman) and the [Free Software Foundation (FSF)](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Free_Software_Foundation)

This section is used to raise awareness for the problems with DRM, and also to protest it. DRM is defective by design and is a major threat to all computer users and software freedom.

Image credit: [defectivebydesign.org/drm-free/...](https://www.defectivebydesign.org/drm-free/how-to-use-label)

***

## Contributers

Currently, I am the only contributer. Contributing is not allowed for others, as this is a personal project.

> * 1. [seanpm2001](https://github.com/seanpm2001/) - 22 commits (As of Sunday, April 11th 2021 at 5:32 pm)

> * 2. No other contributers.

***

## Issues

### Current issues

* None at the moment

* No other current issues

If the repository has been forked, issues likely have been removed. Luckily I keep an archive of certain images [here](/.github/Issues/)

[Read the privacy policy on issue archival here](/.github/Issues/README.md)

**TL;DR**

I archive my own issues. Your issue won't be archived unless you request it to be archived.

### Past issues

* None at the moment

* No other past issues

If the repository has been forked, issues likely have been removed. Luckily I keep an archive of certain images [here](/.github/Issues/)

[Read the privacy policy on issue archival here](/.github/Issues/README.md)

**TL;DR**

I archive my own issues. Your issue won't be archived unless you request it to be archived.

### Past pull requests

* None at the moment

* No other past pull requests

If the repository has been forked, issues likely have been removed. Luckily I keep an archive of certain images [here](/.github/Issues/)

[Read the privacy policy on issue archival here](/.github/Issues/README.md)

**TL;DR**

I archive my own issues. Your issue won't be archived unless you request it to be archived.

### Active pull requests

* None at the moment

* No other active pull requests

If the repository has been forked, issues likely have been removed. Luckily I keep an archive of certain images [here](/.github/Issues/)

[Read the privacy policy on issue archival here](/.github/Issues/README.md)

**TL;DR**

I archive my own issues. Your issue won't be archived unless you request it to be archived.

***

## Resources

Here are some other resources for this project:

[Project language file](PROJECT_LANG.py)

[Join the discussion on GitHub](https://github.com/seanpm2001/Politics/discussions)

No other resources at the moment.

***

## Contributing

Contributing is not allowed for this project, as this is a personal project.

[Click/tap here to view the contributing rules for this project](CONTRIBUTING.md)

***

## About README

File type: `Markdown (*.md)`

File version: `1 (Monday, 2021 September 6th at 9:34 pm)`

Line count: `0,306`

***

## README version history

Version 1 (Sunday, April 11th 2021 at 5:32 pm)

> Changes:

> * Started the file

> * Added the title section

> * Added the index

> * Added the about section

> * Added the Wiki section

> * Added the version history section

> * Added the issues section.

> * Added the past issues section

> * Added the past pull requests section

> * Added the active pull requests section

> * Added the contributors section

> * Added the contributing section

> * Added the about README section

> * Added the README version history section

> * Added the resources section

> * Added a software status section, with a DRM free sticker and message

> * Added the sponsor info section

> * No other changes in version 0.1

Version 1 (Monday, 2021 September 6th at 9:34 pm)

> Changes:

> * Switched image to the correct political party (Green Party replaces Pirate Party)

> * Updated the file info section

> * Updated the file history section

> * Updated the footer

> * No other changes in version 2

Version 2 (Coming soon)

> Changes:

> * Coming soon

> * No other changes in version 2

***

### You have reached the end of the README file

( [Back to top](#Top) | [Exit](https://github.com) | [Exit to Bing](https://www.bing.com/) | [Exit to DuckDuckGo](https://duckduckgo.com/) | [Exit to Safe.duckduckgo.com](https://safe.duckduckgo.com/) | [Exit to Ecosia](https://www.ecosia.com/) | [Exit to Swisscows](https://www.swisscows.com/) )

### EOF

***
